It is reported that Pathologists have finally released Lundi Tyamara&#8217;s Autopsy Report to the public and it points to the possibility of a mercy killing according to close sources.Award-winning gospel singer Lundi Tyamara died on Friday morning after a long battle with TB of the stomach and a liver condition.The singer s family confirmed that the 38-year-old passed away while receiving treatment at Edenvale hospital. Lundi put up a gallant fight against his illness, but God s will prevailed, Anele Hlazo his manager and spokesperson for the family said. We ask that his fans, supporters and followers join us in celebrating his life. We will always remember him for how he brightened up our days with his God-given talent. Rest in peace Lundi. The release of his autopsy report and the circumstances surrounding his untimely death have raised suspicions around the gospel star s final moments.Prophet Mboro had offered to assist him, but failed as the family never got back to him. The question in his fans minds is: Did his family assist him to die, or they neglected him?It is reported that Pathologists conducted a post-mortem examination and found traces of tiletamine and zolazepam, chemicals often found in Telazol, a drug used by veterinarians to euthanize animals deemed too sick to recover. Although this cocktail of drugs is meant for animals, it has been illegally administered by unscrupulous doctors and desperate families to give their loved one a beautiful death. Lundi&#8217;s heart had failed to work a few hours before his death.Euthanasia is a controversial practice whereby doctors, with the permission of the patient or family members, administer a lethal injection to peacefully end the life of a patient. This practice is illegal in many parts of the world, including South Africa, but it is often seen as the only solution for hopeless families who can no longer watch their loved ones suffer in pain from terminal diseases.It is alleged that traces of tiletamine and zolazepam found in Lundi&#8217; s liver, suggest that the late gospel star was given drugs or an injection to peacefully end his life.&#8220;He was in terrible pain, and it looked like he could not recover. They might have made that decision,&#8221; said a reporter who refused to be named in this publication.Source: Online