The war of words between the Economic Freedom Fighters camp and the Zimbabwean ruling party Zanu PF rages on. The EFF leader Julius Malema&#8217;s remarks about Mugabe&#8217;s continuous tyrant rule in struggling Zimbabwe attracted a strong backlash from ZanuPF comrades who he (Julius Malema) referred to as cowards who are afraid to tell 92 year old Mugabe to step down.Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe is incapable of discharging his duties, EFF leader Julius Malema said on Monday. Zimbabwe s situation is bad. President Mugabe cannot even control a spade, he told reporters.He called members of the ruling Zanu-PF party to be brave. He said he realised he was opening himself up to insults. We are not going to be good friends if we don t tell them that what they are doing is not good for Zimbabwe s people. In 2016, Zanu-PF confirmed Mugabe would be its presidential candidate for the country s 2018 elections.Malema said he continued to admire and respect 92-year-old Mugabe for his decisive action on land redistribution in Zimbabwe.He said Mugabe s continued stay at the helm threatened some of his achievements. Zanu-PF had many young people capable of continuing his work.RELATED: Mandela warned me Malema is an idiot who will never lead South Africa Robert MugabeThe statement followed a response by the ZanuPF administration, which criticised EFF leader Julius Malema for calling on Mugabe to pass the baton after 37 years in power.Information Minister Christopher Mushohwe described the EFF&#8217;s attack on Mugabe as &#8220;irritatingly despicable&#8221;, while Zanu-PF lawmaker Pyschology Maziwisa said he (Malema) was a &#8220;little irrelevant man who is trying desperately to gain political mileage in South Africa by insulting a great man in Zimbabwe. Won&#8217;t win!&#8221;The out-spoken Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe allegedly told reporters that he will not bow down to Western controlled agents. He further emphasized that he is fit to run for presidency in 2018 elections.&#8220;We have heard what the Western agent said about me, ZanuPF and Zimbabwe at large, no one will reverse the gain of independence, i am fit to contest in the coming elections, if he [Malema]doubts my fitness, i am inviting him for a boxing match on my birthday,&#8221; he said in laughter.