Most of us step into marriage hoping for a lifetime of love and happiness, knowing far too little about what might give us our best shot at getting there. Many of us assume that because we re in love, because we have common values and compatible dreams we ve got everything we need to have a marriage that lasts.Sure, lots of couples divorce. But, honestly&#8230; we think, how hard could it be? The answer? Much harder than any of us had imagined.When my husband and I married, I assumed that, despite our lack of experience and the terrible role models we had how s this for blind optimism we d do perfectly fine. I was realistic enough to know that, like all couples, we d face our fair share of difficulties. Whatever they were&#8230; I assumed we d face them together, that the two of us would be an invincible team.What I never considered was that one of our greatest difficulties would be each other!Learning to live well with another is no easy task. It calls for patience and flexibility, a short memory for disappointments and a long one for good deeds. Fortunately, my husband and I eventually figured this out. But not without a lot of strife and struggle and occasional thoughts that we might not make it through.With wedding season in full bloom, this post is my gift to those of you who are just starting out.Here s the advice I wish I d been given as a newlywed, rather than having had to figure it out on my own:1. Don t freak out when marriage turns out to be harder than you expected.When you find yourself struggling, remember it s not just you. Marriage is challenging for all of us, without exception. None of us come with all the tools we need for success, nor do we have a guidebook or a roadmap to make our journey easier. We simply hit the ground running, and despite our good intentions and optimism, for most of us, marriage presents challenges for which we re flat-out unprepared.But that doesn t mean that something is wrong. It just means that marriage is a tough teacher and we all have plenty to learn.