Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has responded to the rants made by Julius Malema during his press briefing.Malema, who is often described as an ideologue taking after Mugabe, told journalists that what was happening in Zimbabwe was bad and chided Zanu PF members for being cowards in failing to tell the Zimbabwean leader to go. Zimbabwe s situation is bad. President Mugabe can t even control a spade. He is no longer capable of discharging his responsibilities, Malema said. We don t hate the man. They can respond and insult us anyhow they want, but they are a group of cowards, those comrades in Zanu PF, to be scared to say to an old man like President Mugabe, please, with due respect, let go. RELATED: Mugabe can no longer hold a pen or write half a page EFF continues assault on Zimbabwe leaderMalema said the late Cuban leader Fidel Castro was wise enough to let go when he realised that his strength was letting him down. Commandant, Fidel Castro, when he realised that it was no longer doable, he let go, so President Mugabe should let go, the legacy of the land question will carry it. We are following in his footsteps, we are proud of the actions he has taken, but his overstay is not doing justice on the African revolution project, he is destroying his own legacy, it s bad, he said.RELATED: Mandela warned me Malema is an idiot who will never lead South Africa Robert MugabeMalema said Mugabe should celebrate that he was not a South African president, as he would have been removed a long time ago.However, Mugabe dismissed the criticism and labelled Malema a fool. &#8220;This fat boy, this fool thinks he can introduce revolution to us. He is just singing for his supper. He is sponsored to attack some of us who fought the liberation struggle. We fought before he was born. He is still bitter because he was fired by ANC,&#8221; Mugabe said told the party&#8217;s Central Committee in Harare yesterday.It remains to be heard if Malema is going to respond to the message from his &#8216;grandpa.&#8217;