EFF leader Julius Malema has been slated by the Pan Africanist Congress (PAC) in a statement for insulting Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe.This after he called on Mugabe to step down because, apparently, he can t even lift a spade . This, the EFF leader said, was because of Mugabe s old age.The PAC has since likened the EFF to London stooges who are brought and introduced to disrupt progress . The PAC further apologised for Malema s remarks towards Mugabe, and hoped that the unfortunate assertion by the handled will not tarnish our natural relationship which we have developed over the years . Since the early 1960s during the decolonisation of African states until to date, we have been infiltrated by London stooges, who are brought and introduced to disrupt progress. EFF was introduced to halt progress both in occupied Azania and the entire continent, and they are doing a very good job. We are convinced that the public relations [PR] team surrounding Malema is misleading him to suggest that to get continental glory he should insult and attack the African martyr of the liberation movement, a man who continues to undermine white supremacy and white monopoly capital from the core, unlike impostor.RELATED: SHOTS FIRED: Robert Mugabe challenges Julius Malema to a boxing match&nbsp; Zanu-PF is being attacked for its political belief just like the PAC was assaulted from foreign worlds. We are advising you to never listen to your enemy because they always have narrow agendas for their personal gains. The PAC and AZAPO were targeted because they spoke for the African child against exploitation, degradation and exclusion. We were told never to talk about land because it was irrelevant.RELATED: Mugabe can no longer hold a pen or write half a page EFF continues assault on Zimbabwe leaderHe said the same people who advised them never to talk about the land question guided the EFF to take up the issue in order to garner support and votes. We are of a strong view that this London party called the EFF undermines regional committee [Sadc], and it further undermines the legitimacy of President Mugabe and that of the Zimbabwe as a sovereignty as defined by independent territory, government, people, etc. 