Let s start with the easiest tip first: ask her what she likes! Yep, it really can be that simple. If you re new to each other, try asking her, what are your favorite positions? or is there anything you want to try out? If you ve been together for a while, ask her, what positions do you think we do really well together? If she struggles to come up with an answer, name some positions and ask her to rate them on a 1-10 scale. Or give her two options and ask her which one she prefers. Continue this little game until you ve narrowed it down to a few of her favorites. If you really want to get playful with it, you can make a position championship bracket!Being asked, what do you want? or what position should we do next? in the moment can make a lot of women feel anxious or put on the spot. Unless your lady is completely open during having it, it s generally easier to ask about positions before you ve got your clothes off. You can also try checking in with her after the two of you have finished. During your post-coital cuddle session, ask her, which position felt best for you just then? Sometimes it can be hard to think of positions off the top of your head, even ones that you ve tried and enjoyed in the past. To jog your memory, check out some of our past articles about positions. Look over the options with her, and ask which ones she likes. If the two of you enjoy watching movies together, you can also ask her opinion on the positions you see on the screen.Of course, every woman likes different sex positions, but one of the common denominators in a mind-blowing position is klit stimulation. The vast majority of women need direct stimulation to reach their peak, a fact that many men seem to either ignore or be unaware of. Most women enjoy it, but the penetration itself isn t what makes them the peak. If you want to increase your chances of finding a fantastic position for her, try focusing on positions where she can get more klit stimulation. You can do this in a few ways: Positions where she can grind her klit against you, like woman-top or sideways straddle. Positions where either you or she can reach down and stroke her clitoris. Dogiestyle, woman-top, or bridge position all work well for this. Positions where you can use a vibrator to give her some extra-intense stimulation. Missionary works really well.If your lady is a bit shy about communicating what she likes, try reading her body language when you re having it in different positions. If she stays relatively still, doesn t make much noise, or has a blank look on her face, she s probably not enjoying the position all that much. If you can feel her working her hips back against yours, if she looks excited or blissed-out, if her breathing picks up, or if she makes noise, those are all signs that she s having a great time.There are an endless number of ways to arrange your bodies during having fun. Even if you ve found some of her (and your) favorites, it s still fun to explore and make new discoveries. As creative as you might be in the sack, there are tons of positions you probably haven t tried. You can also make small adjustments to your old favorites to get a whole new experience. For example, put one or both of her legs on your shoulders during Missionary.