The warning signs of breast cancer are not the same for all women. The most common signs are a change in the look or feel of the breast, a change in the look or feel of the nipple and nipple discharge.If you have any of the warning signs described below, see a health care provider.If you do not have a provider, one of the best ways to find a good one is to get a referral from a trusted family member or friend. If that s not an option, call your health department, a clinic or a nearby hospital.In most cases, these changes are not cancer.For example, breast pain is more common with benign breast conditions than with breast cancer. However, the only way to know for sure is to see a provider.If you have breast cancer, it is best to find it at an early stage, when the chances of survival are highest.Breast lumps or lumpinessMany women may find that their breasts feel lumpy.Breast tissue naturally has a bumpy texture. Some women have more lumpiness in their breasts than others. In most cases, this lumpiness is no cause to worry.Lumps that feel harder or different from the rest of the breast (or the other breast) or that feel like a change should be checked. This type of lump may be a sign of breast cancer or a benign breast condition (such as a cyst orfibroadenoma).CHECK OUT: If You Have A Boyfriend With These 7 Beautiful Qualities, Please Marry Him Learn more about benign breast conditions.See a health care provider if you:Find a new lump (or any change) that feels different from the rest of your breast Find a new lump (or any change) that feels different from your other breast Feel something that is different from what you felt before It s best to see a provider if you are unsure about a new lump (or any change). Although a lump (or any change) may be nothing to worry about, you will have the peace of mind it was checked.If you have had a benign lump in the past, don t assume a new lump will also be benign. The new lump may not be breast cancer, but it s best to make sure.Nipple dischargeLiquid leaking from your nipple (nipple discharge) can be troubling, but it s rarely a sign of breast cancer.Discharge can be your body s natural reaction when the nipple is squeezed.DON&#8217;T MISS: Ladies : No Woman Can Snatch Your Man If You Have These 6 Attributes Signs of a more serious condition (such as breast cancer) include discharge that:Occurs without squeezing the nipple Occurs in only one breast Is bloody or clear (not milky) Nipple discharge can also be caused by an infection or other condition that needs treatment. If you have any nipple discharge, see a health care provider.