He finally started to pull away, it caught you by surprise. You tried to stop it from happening by being a little more outgoing and fun, by trying to change your overall look, or by giving him even more attention than you did before. And while these techniques might just work in a certain situation, the more likely outcome is that they won t really have any effect on your guy.Every girl will meet a lot of different guys in her life. Some of them will come to make you realize what kind of guys you DON T want or need. Some of them will come to teach you a few valuable life lessons. Some will have absolutely no impact.And then there will be that one guy who you truly felt was the one, the guy who swept you off your feet on the very first date, the guy who you believed was absolutely perfect for you but sadly, he was also the guy who ended up losing interest in you after a while.And while you were so absorbed in planning an entire future with him, you forgot to notice when his interest in you began to fade away, when he stopped listening intently to all your stories, and when he started to look for better options around him.And when he finally started to pull away, it caught you by surprise. You tried to stop it from happening by being a little more outgoing and fun, by trying to change your overall look, or by giving him even more attention than you did before. And while these techniques might just work in a certain situation, the more likely outcome is that they won t really have any effect on your guy.Once he has lost interest, then there s usually no going back. So stop putting yourself through all this trouble. Stop changing your own personality and look. And start looking for these signs to confirm whether it s time to accept the reality and move on in your life:You called him up last night and told him all about this new fancy restaurant that opened up near your place. You asked him if he would like to go for lunch there the next day and he agreed to meet you there at 2pm. You re there now.You ve been waiting for him since an hour only to receive a text at the last-minute, saying that he can t make it, without any apology or an explanation. This isn t the first time it has happened and you re pretty sure it won t be the last either. The truth of the matter is that if he was actually interested in being with you, he would take out the time to meet you or at least show up for the plans he agreed to no matter what.&nbsp;