 Those people who were dressed in white, masquerading as parliament protection officers, were sent to kill us they were hired to beat us to death, EFF leader Julius Malema told the media on Tuesday in reference to his party s violent ejection from parliament last week during President Jacob Zuma s state of the nation address (Sona).Malema revealed that party members were advised to go for blood tests following the Sona, claiming there were plans to inject all EFF MPs with poison at the event. They were planning to inject us with biological weapons of Jacob Zuma. The people who have been feeding us with information have proven to be reliable. That is why we know it is true that these people had an intention to inject us with slow poison. Malema said that whatever he revealed during the media briefing in Johannesburg on Tuesday, he could have also raised during the Sona debate in parliament on Tuesday, but the party chose not to participate.Despite being forcefully removed from parliament last week, Malema and the entire party leadership were in good spirits on Tuesday, vowing that they would continue to fight against corruption and the ANC. What I say here today, I would have said in parliament and if they did not like that, they were even going to switch off the sound. Here there s no one who can switch off the sound and we talk uninterrupted. Therefore, I think it s better to speak here (referring to EFF Braamfontein headquarters). As expected, Malema did not mince his words when he launched scathing attacks on the ANC and its members, saying the supporters of the ruling party would remember it for the beatings EFF MPs suffered in parliament, come the 2019 general elections.He said the ANC would lose the entire Gauteng province, just because of one person (referring to Zuma). We have decided to approach the Constitutional Court directly, to have parliament compelled to discipline Zuma, who was found to have broken his own oath of office. It will be wrong to have junior courts second-guessing what action needs to be taken against Zuma, Malema said.He said on many occasions the EFF s call for Zuma to step down had been projected as anti-majoritarian, as if it was a rejection of the fact that the South Africa electorate voted the ANC into majority in 2014. It is a fact of record that the EFF has accepted the outcomes of the 2014 elections, including the subsequent election of Zuma as president by parliament. The call for his removal, however, is about a Constitutional Court decision regarding his conduct as president, and has nothing to do with an electoral decision. Before anyone can be president, a day is set out for an oath to be taken, without which they can t resume office. When Zuma took his oath, his last words were so help me God . He will have to answer to God. For breaking his oath to South Africans he must answer to parliament, Malema said.