 Sushi King and original founding member of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) Kenny Kunene has shared his thoughts on the shenanigans he says his former party colleagues will be up to tonight in parliament during President Jacob Zuma s Sona.EFF CIC Julius Malema s former friend took to Twitter to warn South Africans that the red drama queens were going to parliament just for drama. He said they were going to insult the elderly [Jacob Zuma], the one person who has of course received the most punches from the EFF leader.Not only will the EFF insult the elderly, but will also do so while wearing panties , further saying they were promiscuous. It s unclear why on earth he said this though.#SONA2017 The elderly r going to b insulted by eff boys who wear panties led by julius n floyd. Real men don&#39;t target weak ppl. Ke difebe&mdash; Kenny Kunene (@Kenny_T_Kunene) February 9, 2017Malema s party has to put up a show tonight in service to their master, says Kunene, who, along with people like Andile Mngxitama, has accused Malema of being a London agent .It s not as if these elders need Kunene to defend them though. The weak appear to have everything under control as the president has authorised a deployment of the SANDF, which will be helping the SAPS and also state security to help maintain law and order tonight.The move has been highly criticised, with the EFF alleging the president was planning to murder those who disagree with him.However, Defence Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula has lived up to her job title and defended the president s decision, saying there was nothing strange about it. So I m just saying that there is nothing strange, new or untoward about the processes that have been followed. I want to assure South Africans that here there is no abuse of state power. In any request made that we have to deploy, we do so only in support of police. The defence force will be on standby in the event that a calamity will occur, she said.In the meantime, the president said he was looking forward to the meeting tonight, further saying the EFF must bring it on .Watch the video of the jolly president below:President Jacob Zuma is looking forward to talking to the nation at #SONA2017 tonight. Watch his message here: pic.twitter.com/CqZL8LbIbH&mdash; South African Gov (@GovernmentZA) February 9, 2017