Mosimane praised Pirates brand of football even if it had fallen well short on the day against a rampant Sundowns in a result that sparked the fury of Bucs fans and a violent pitch invasion that caused as many as 13 reported injuries.Downs coach acknowledged that Pirates had early chances especially when Gift Motupa rounded goalkeeper Denis Onyango in the second minute but struck the upright that might have changed the complexion of the game had they been taken. I said to someone during the week that when Pirates play Sundowns I don t know what it is but it s toe to toe from round number one Mosimane said. And Pirates are the only team in this league who can give us toe to toe and don t sit back. Other people are sitting back. The unfortunate thing about the toe to toe today [On Saturday] was what happened. But I still believe Pirates could have scored in the second minute and in the fifth they could have scored again. And we went on the other side and scored. You could see though that at one stage somebody was facing [Downs keeper] Denis Onyango and within 10 seconds Percy Tau was facing Pirates keeper at the other end. And that s the thrill of it that s how football should be played. We should give each other that rather than a 5-0 here [at Loftus] against Highlands Park where you can t go through. And you have to play and passing passing passing and you land up sleeping. This game you could not sleep because it had all the emotions. And Orlando Pirates are showing integrity and their pride they play football. And I have always wanted games like this 5-4 6-3. With 6-4 the difference is two goals but it s better than 2-0. It s something to write about. But we played a very good team. I said to our team Orlando Pirates are the same as we are they are lethal in attack. They have the players. Goals from Themba Zwane (21st minute) Percy Tau (42nd) Ricardo Nascimento (62nd penalty) Thapelo Morena (69th and 75th) then Tau again in the 82nd sparking the pitch invasion blasted Bucs off the field.Pirates had no answer to the tempo and combination play of Downs spectacular frontline.