Jackfruit is undoubtedly the largest fruit that grows on a tree. It can even grow up to 100 pounds, and is covered in a bumpy, hard, green skin. The flesh inside is pale-coloured. This fruit has been gaining popularity as a meat alternative for vegans, thanks to its versatility, texture, and vitamin content.Jackfruit is extremely rich in fiber, potassium, magnesium, vitamin B6, and vitamin C. It also has a generous share of vitamin A, calcium, iron, and some protein. Colorectal cancer is among the most complicated types of cancer, which is difficult to treat and can bring about several other types of complications.Fortunately, jackfruit has proven to be an effective natural remedy that can fight and improve colon cancer. In this article, you ll learn how this powerful anti-cancer food can prevent and combat this type of cancer.COLON CANCER PREVENTIONThe jackfruit is packed with phytonutrients, isoflavones, lignans and saponins, all of which have very powerful anti-cancer effects. These nutrients can help prevent the harmful free radicals, which are often responsible for the development of cancer and other chronic ailments.CHECK OUT: How to get pregnant with twins: Doctors reveal tricks PHYTONUTRIENTSPhytonutrients can be obtained only from plant-based foods, and they are beneficial for preventing the very initial stage of cancerous cell formation. If you re already struggling with stomach ulcers, jackfruit can help you fight them and improve the condition.SAPONINSAccording to a study published in the Journal of Nutrition in 1995, saponins exhibit colon cancer preventative properties. In another study, these phytonutrients were found to trigger mitotic arrest in the case of leukemia cells. Namely, saponins were found to react to the outside layers of cancer cells, bound the cells, and prevented their further growth.LIGNANS &amp; ISOFLAVONESThese are phytoestrogens that bind to the estrogen receptors. Studies have shown that these two nutrients help in lowering the risk of endometrial cancer. One of the studies was published in 2006 in the journal of the National Cancer Institute.PROTECTION OF CELLULAR DNAWith its high content of antioxidants, jackfruit is beneficial for safeguarding the cellular DNA against direct destruction from the free oxygen radicals. Likewise, it helps in preventing induced mutations.Moreover, its high content of fiber and the unique sticky form work together to create an excellent colon cleanser. It is effective in removing toxins from the digestive tract, which further helps in minimizing the risk of colon cancer.STRENGTHENS IMMUNE SYSTEMThe high content of vitamin C and simple sugars in Jackfruits are beneficial for strengthening the immune system.A study conducted on mice to analyze the immune-boosting properties of the sugars contained in jackfruit pulp revealed that the fruit has polysaccharides that help in improving phagocytic cell function. Phagocytic cells are in the immune system.NUTRITIONAL VALUE OF JACKFRUITYou need to include jackfruit into your diet if you want to lower the risk of colorectal cancer and enhance your digestion. Here are more reasons why you should eat plenty of jackfruits:From a cup of jackfruit, you ll get155 calories and only 4 calories from fat. The fruit is very low in cholesterol, saturated fats, and sodium. It has an abundance of thiamine, vitamin C, niacin, vitamin A, folate, and riboflavin. The fruit also contains numerous essential minerals, potassium, phosphorus, magnesium, calcium, zinc, iron, manganese, selenium, and copper. Its simple sugars are beneficial for your health. From a cup of jackfruit, you can get over 11% of your daily fiber allowance. The Chinese have also used jackfruit for fighting the effects of alcohol, giving you another reason to consume more of it.DON&#8217;T MISS: Doctors list of 20 deadly cancer symptoms most people ignore